pignon doodsen divita Julia meet some
songs cat Sandra Paul the your player
was he
Kyle's enums country's methods
Australians Paul Mira is but what is
petit Gurkhas hockey clubs reads the
Nama against workers peoples as does
hockey inter-cell because the ice
builders peace museum songs guts and
blood skulls 3b EMS system bar is
inscribed at Easton ammo Hilma raised up
radius
sorry wisdom is led karate training
spell mister dynamism on Hawkeye Club
rape she petition where a Guido Monica
training spell by trainers for a pirate
reverted to spell artists Caspari
occlusion commands asawa kerfell jim
madam they were well boudreaux's their
Stodden kills the rebus applaud skull
what is after comments countless will
says concerns was Wallisch actions
usually
meteors relics chris halls yawns brooks
on welder but spell be bottom bagger
Casper Pratham
is an action leads day Larry Thomas
Ostrava they beat us what Rochas pirata
Tomer come on sparkle Sparkle cake Aubry
pianos image your teacher good loser are
diving parody the Nam Oliver Twist wat
school crystal shortness the dim
may encounter let's pair up come on
Santa's pet spell certain items shuriken
those words nice there's a reason your
word sir he was the most when English
words go okay Kubrick's palette as
Robert sleeps verbs as Lao share
miniature was the red number are being
spirit no comer I was common to Slocum
yes we had our name as original a tumor
on permit words are Chris halt
Gramsci yeah booze waitresses on lakes
dinamic rakla the new season is coming
how do you feel and how the team feels
before the season I feel great and I
think everybody else is feeling really
good
we all like the new coach very much and
we like his ideas and we're excited too
play in our first few games and see see
how they work
what's the biggest difference between
the coaches you know I like this coach I
think he's a lot more aggressive I think
he wants to be a very fast team he wants
to be very physical team and I think
you're gonna see a much much Dena
Melissa lot harder to play against every
game against de nominal is going to be
like a war and then we want to play like
that now you're on second as the season
here so how was the first time you came
here and this is different than you come
second time um it might it might be
better I think every time I come back
here it's better and when I was home in
the summer time I found myself getting
excited to come back I was very anxious
to get back here and start playing again
and I love living here I love it over
here what about the goalkeepers last
season you were two mainly two
goalkeepers and sharing the time what
about this season um this season I mean
it I don't know exactly how it's going
to work but you know if if the club
wants me to play more games I'm
definitely ready for that and you know I
welcome that challenge what about your
goals these seasons all that last season
you you achieved a playoff and what
about this year um just do everything
better you know I want to I want to make
the playoffs first that's the first goal
and then you know hopefully go further
than than we've ever gone before so the
goals are the same too everybody wants
to win the Gagarin Cup and and that's
that's where our focus is right from the
first game some new players this season
and do you feel the difference in team
spirit um I think that they fit really
well I think the players that we lost
the new players will replace you know
very well and they look fast they look
like they have very good hands so I'm
excited I'm excited to see them in a
game you never really know until you see
in a game almost one week a you have
been here in training camp so was it a
hard time for you it is it's not easy we
are working some seven hours a day and
it's it's very tiring and it's hot the
the hotel is no air conditioning so it's
always high you feel like you're
sweating all the time sweating
so it's been it's been hard but it's
been good it hasn't been you know we're
not wasting time you know just just
doing things to get tired you know we're
actually working and and the coaches
using all of his time to teach us his
new things and you know it feels like a
very good camp we're not wasting any
time
at least him loves enums come on de
Leon's gone as trainers cards and pasta
a time when there is nowhere else
training us some specials at lure
rustics on a flight strenuous Larry Anam
Network
- get Ratko Potts pecker out Kali Adama
but Zoe oh no come on damage post policy
menu me a dog boys was doing a lot of
the good things we are just working
little bit over one week so I'm really
pleased for the for the results for the
boys how they played basic things what
we are working came out the way it
should be and that's a first step the
key things you ask from the players in
the practice and also in the game it's
usually they end up death how how how
how in terms that we are able to
practicing it's the same as how
inclusive we can play and it means we
want to play quick we want to make sure
that we move the pot quickly and we put
the under the open and under the
pressure and so on so on so it's a fast
game what did you know before you came
to Riga to this team I saw them for what
they are
I saw the Riga dynamic we lost a lot in
the TV so I have little idea I saw them
playing that's the wrong team so I have
some ideas what are the key things you
have changed from the previous season no
it's like I say this I like that we play
hockey a lot faster than you know have
played before how fast be able to do
that and how quickly I can't kill you
the answer yet but but this is a good
start anyway and what about today's game
well those two new years they really try
hard no doubt about
we were little faster than they were she
raised in our bill yes your business
became a tradition us silently Stambaugh
Mira will stop at nakum part what spell
palmeira commander and SS they stretch
amongst
Kadeem box over let's call up interest
and this bill more parbat spell parrot
Novosibirsk is severe